# DS4A-DE-TEAM34

**Topic 2:** Data Swan Inc: Medicaid and Medicare evaluation of sponsorship
and ratings

**Team:** 34

**Members:** Travis Klipp, Karla Palos Castellanos, Adam Kaba and Luisa Montoya

**Project Overview:** <br>
Data Swan Inc. is a division of one of our partners that specializes exclusively in analyzing data,
whether it's retail, financial, or medical data. The Head of Research and the CFO are looking at
the payments sent to physicians from the CMS (Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services)
and want to perform a few analyses. Additionally, they want to determine if there is a correlation
between the payments and the ratings generated by patients. Their analysis will be based on
the COVID-19 period from January 2020 to December 2021.

As a Data Engineer, your task is to build a data warehouse that will be used by the data
analysts responsible for creating a comprehensive dashboard for decision-making. The data
warehouse should be designed to efficiently store and manage large volumes of data from
various sources, and should be optimized for reporting and analysis. Your work will be critical to 
the success of the project, as the accuracy and reliability of the data warehouse will directly
impact the quality of the insights and recommendations generated by the dashboard.
Consequently, Figure 1 and Figure 2 provide a draft of the comprehensive dashboard that
needs to be built. You should keep this in mind to ensure that the data warehouse is as close to
Data Swan Inc.'s needs as possible. Additionally, please note that you should include any
additional information that you believe would be valuable to the development of the dashboard.

**Data Sources**
- General Payment Data for 2020 and 2021
- Doctor’s reviews from the Vitals website

**Data model**

**ETL Pipeline**
